# Known Issues

* Traders on stations does not work any more. This is assumed to be because we're running the 1.2 version of the Project Eden scenarion, which is not 100% compatible with the 1.3 version of the game client. If you try to use them you get an empty dialog popup that doesn't contain any text or options. The current information we have is that fixing the traders will require an update to version 1.3 of the scenario which will be incompatible with the server save we are currently playing on, and thus require a wipe/restart. We will keep monitoring the situation. **If you're a new player and need something that a trader would provide, ask for assistance and someone will aid you in getting access to the thing you need!**
* Sometimes you can get stuck in an endless loading screen while loading structures. It happens rarely, but it does happen. This is most likely a bug in the game and nothing with the server, as most players can resolve this by forcibly quitting the game (Alt+F4) and retrying. Sometimes it takes several attempts. A theory is that the bug is related to loading of complex structures and playfields, so depending on where you are in the game it may occur more or less often.
* Sometimes after having loaded in you notice that your base or your ships seems to be cut in half, turned off, and you might be standing on rock below where the missing portions of your ship or base is located. If this happens, try to move to a spot where you *know* that you are inside your base, or on safe ground, and then relog. This is a loading bug in 99.99% cases and a relog usually fixes this straight away. If something is still missing after one or two such relogs, please seek help from an admin.

    **It is *HIGHLY* important** that you do not try to use your ships or your structures if you load into such a cut-off state, or you risk the missing pieces becoming permanently missing. In this case you can request [help from an admin](admin-services.md) to restore your structures from backup.
* Autominers placed on deposits will be **wiped** during [server restart](server-restarts.md) every morning at 03:00. You can use Autominers on this server, but you **must** retrieve them **and** their content before server reset or you *will lose them*. If this has already happened to you because you did not know about this problem, please seek admin help. This is an issue with the way the deposits are reset and not by choice. As such there is nothing we can do about this problem right now other than to be aware of it.
